Cumulus 1896 (#1599)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  2. Use the AWS console or CLI to delete your `<prefix>-AccessTokensTable` DynamoDB table
  3. [Re-deploy your `data-persistence` module](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/deployment/upgrade-readme#update-data-persistence-resources), which should re-create the `<prefix>-AccessTokensTable` DynamoDB table
  4. Return to using the Cumulus API/dashboard as normal
- This release requires the Cumulus Message Adapter layer deployed with Cumulus Core to be at least 1.3.0, as the core lambdas have updated to [cumulus-message-adapter-js v1.2.0](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-message-adapter-js/releases/tag/v1.2.0) and the new CMA interface.  As a result, users should:

>   1. Follow the [Cumulus Message Adapter(CMA) deployment instructions](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/deployment/deployment-readme#deploy-the-cumulus-message-adapter-layer) and install a CMA layer version >=1.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Follow the [Cumulus Message Adapter (CMA) deployment instructions](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/deployment/deployment-readme#deploy-the-cumulus-message-adapter-layer) and install a CMA layer version >=1.3.0
```

>   2. If utilizing node.js in your workflows *and* the Cumulus CMA layer/`cumulus-message-adapter-js`, you must update your lambda to use [cumulus-message-adapter-js v1.2.0](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-message-adapter-js/releases/tag/v1.2.0) and follow the migration instructions in the release notes.    Prior versions of `cumulus-message-adapter-js` are not compatible with CMA >= 1.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. If you are using any custom Node.js Lambdas in your workflows **and** the Cumulus CMA layer/`cumulus-message-adapter-js`, you must update your lambda to use [cumulus-message-adapter-js v1.2.0](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-message-adapter-js/releases/tag/v1.2.0) and follow the migration instructions in the release notes. Prior versions of `cumulus-message-adapter-js` are not compatible with CMA >= 1.3.0.
```
